{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 VER MOBILE APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY
\b0 \
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application \'93Ver\'94 (\'93Application\'94) for mobile devices that was created by\'a0Ethan and Dana Turner.\'a0The Application is used for the storing of data about a collection of multimedia titles, and to search through the Guidebox information database.\
\

\i What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
\i0 \
\ul User Provided Information\'a0\ulnone \
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application.\'a0Registration with us is required to use the app.\
When you register with us and use the Application, you provide your first and last name, email address, password and other registration information (such as information about your video streaming service subscriptions.).\
We may use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information about the application. Furthermore, this information can be changed at any time, either through the Application or by reaching out to customer support.\
\
\ul Automatically Collected Information\'a0\ulnone \
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. This is generally anonymous, and is used for development purposes only.\'a0\
\'a0\

\i Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
\i0 \
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.\'a0\
\'a0\

\i Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
\i0 \
Only the Application\'92s backend systems have access to the data, but do not access it for malicious purposes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.\
\
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;\
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a\'a0government request;\
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an\'a0independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere\'a0to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.\
if\'a0the developers are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a\'a0portion of their assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.\
\

\i What are my opt-out rights?
\i0 \
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email and have your information manually deleted., at <EMAIL> .\
\

\i Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
\i0 \
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months\'a0and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you\'92d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at\'a0<EMAIL> and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.\
\'a0\

\i Children
\i0 \
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at\'a0<EMAIL>. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.\
\'a0\

\i Security
\i0 \
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized developers and persons who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.\
\'a0\

\i Changes
\i0 \
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy\'a0here\'a0and\'a0informing you via email. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.\
\'a0\

\i Your Consent
\i0 \
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,\'94 means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States\'a0your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States\'a0privacy standards.\'a0\
\'a0\

\i Contact us
\i0 \
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at\'a0<EMAIL> .\
}
